c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\LameDemo.dll
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\LameDemo.pdb
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\LameDemo_Debug_x86.xap
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.g.resources
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.dll
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.pdb
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\sandcu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\obj\x86\Debug\LameDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\SandCu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\badapple.mp3
C:\Users\SandCu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\SandCu_Audio.winmd
C:\Users\SandCu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\SandCu_Audio.pdb
C:\Users\SandCu\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\LameDemo\LameDemo\Bin\x86\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
